Wow family the atmosphere is getting
quite murky I think that there is going to be a lot of
lawsuits here okay Not only
lawsuits but I am seeing
comments that could be considered at
least unfortunate towards the
crown okay the King at some point is going to get
angry at the moment we are
seeing the silence of many media outlets
regarding this issue the same
media outlet that in 2015 when
another book on the same
subject and with a similar theme to Jaime
Peñafiel's to this day eh Yes they
echoed many of those episodes
that were told in that book Now it
turns out that for some reason I do not
want to point out But I remember
some gossip programs that
had to close because according to some
rumors they had messed with people of
the crown Well now don't talk about this
article that I am going to read to you and that we are going to
comment on surely eh to those of you who are
Leticia prof Felipe as I say it is going to
bother you because the truth is there are
hard comments and photographs pay close
attention and tell me with total
freedom what you think about this subject in
the comments box  I trust that
my community will know how to treat the subject
with respect and you will know how to give your
opinion and your sasc without moving from
your place how are you family I am
Javi oliveira welcome one more day to
my channel You already know that in this channel
telesalseo we comment on all the news
from the heart press Social chronicle
and news from television in the most
entertaining way or so I try if you
like and are interested in this type of
content and want me to continue
doing it I ask you all please to
subscribe it is completely
free next to the name of the Channel you
have a button that says subscribe and
give me a like Let's go with the
article Leticia's boycott of
Telma del Burgo's marriage the brutal phrase at her
sister's wedding okay the phrase is
brutal you're going to see but first I wanted to
share with you some photographs
that are not this one this is the photograph that
has gone viral in the last few hours and
that we have already commented on in
previous videos but now they take out this one
this photo is really strong because we
are talking about a photo of
2012 we are talking about that according to Jaime
del Burgo that romance took place for the
second time at a time when
Leticia was already in a relationship with
Prince Felipe at the time
we are talking about an alleged second
romance from 2010 to 2011 almost
reaching 2012 I would say Well I would say
Jaime del Burgo doesn't say it I wasn't
there okay but what's more here
we are talking about that in the photo
Felipe Leonor Leticia and Jaime
del Burgo appear of course and we have
Felipe and his daughter watching
Leticia and Jaime del Burgo standing together
something is happening to me that I want to
clarify okay something is happening to me with
Leticia and the thing is that well the Three sisters
They are certainly similar at least
from a distance I'm not saying that up close we are
going to confuse them or anything like that
but you tell me here that
this is Leticia but come on because
the article says so here because
here what I see is an empty chair
next to Felipe and it would make sense to me that this
side of the table should be Leticia's seat
and opposite her sister's but
well here  this article from this media
says Jaime del burgo between Leonor Felipe
and Leticia in Italy July 2012
apparently they got married first in a
ceremony and then they did
something more official eh months later in
2012 in Rome okay Eh This is like so you
understand me vulgarly and many of us
have done it, for example I have
done it no you get married in the court you sign
the papers with a couple of witnesses not
with the couple of witnesses that have to
be there but then you do like the
celebration when you get married in the
church not when you get married in the
church you sign all the fishing there but
when you get married in a civil manner Well
many times you go to the court one day and another
day okay maybe the next day or
the same day in the afternoon, for example
If my memory serves me correctly, I think I got
married on Friday really officially and
Saturday was let's say the I call it a
travesty With all due respect in the world, no
because it was one of the most
important days of my life but I call it the
travesty because in reality you are already
married and what you're doing there is
acting okay who knows if the one who was the
master of ceremonies there wasn't
the same DJ Because it was also a hall
where weddings were celebrated no and
you go to know who was hired to be the one for that
which by the way was very pretty a
God showed photos of my wedding so At
this second celebration let's say
Felipe attended with Leticia and well they are there in a
good mood okay here there are comments that
are quite derogatory to the
queen's sister okay look at
Telma Ortiz's surprise wedding you tell me that you see
Telma from afar That she is also very
pretty and you see Telma from afar with
sunglasses either here or here Well
here is this photograph that there were
a lot of people in the comments box
of the other video the other day telling me And
how do you know that Telma well let's see this
photograph here it does look like Leticia
okay but nevertheless in this one who
tells me that it's not Telma well it's that she
looks similar okay It's that they are sisters
what can I tell you Well look at the comment
that wedding in May of 2012 has a
metaphor  from communal Telma gets married limping
with crutches like her
fake marriage false limping here they have made a
completely forced metaphor because
having a crutch no has nothing to
do with fake or fake eh they have
squared it there no And they have put her with a
shoehorn del burgo wanted to marry
Leticia but he keeps the
consolation prize Telma seems to me a
comment and you know that I am not my
daughter or that I am like Oh but
super feminist or anything like that no but it
seems to me a comment that
belittles no and and that it is quite derogatory
to Telma the consolation prize let's
see if I understand that what he means
is that really his love and objective was
and for whom he feels not Leticia but he
had to settle with Telma that look she
was similar to see it is rumored that Telma
eh realized this situation and that
that was one of the ingredients that made
the divorce take place We also have to
take into account that Jaime peñafiel
affirms that he has not told everything in the
book and that he knows Much more in fact he says I am
worth more for what I keep quiet  that from
what I've said and now comes the bomb
okay It turns out that when the
wedding guests were
congratulating the bride and groom This is
something that seems tremendous to me but
well Leticia gives the two kisses to
Jaime del Burgo and says in his ear we
will be together again when the
guests congratulated us it was
Leticia's turn and she kissed me on the cheek and
said in my ear we will be
together again since then Leticia did not stop
until she made my relationship with her
sister fail well and you were also willing to do
the work in fact they describe
the relationship between them as a
sickly obsession reciprocal and sustained for
years let's say they were hooked on
each other I don't know what to believe
the truth is that I am looking forward to knowing
your opinion on this subject but I
am completely hooked on this
soap opera I will be reading the
comments box Do not forget to share
the video everywhere and see you in
the next one family bye
[Music]
bye
i